This is a cardinal sin of EDM right here.
Dive in and say "Hey I'm a trance DJ and
I can hit one note but a bass drum on it
and that's my tune".
This class is just a good primer for anyone wanting to get
into the production of electronic music.
This can all be done correctly with
minimal amount of software which is why
you can have a kid make a dance hit on a laptop.
Using an SSL G series compressor
on a dance music kick makes no sense
whatsoever.
Ninety percent of my time is just
goofing around and trying to come up
with something. That's the way I go about
making music because I'm just completely like
I want my first chord to go there.
That's my life right now because if I
could just play it I'd play it but I
can't so I have to draw it.
If you're not naturally comfortable on stage. from my
own personal experience. you should try
putting on a helmet. That covers your face.
So you don't have to see anyone.
I could teach someone how to get. you know. from nothing
to something. When you come up with an
idea that you've never actually heard before
or have never heard anyone do
that's something really cool.
This class is designed for you to
develop your own style and developing
your own sound.
If you can impact one person with your
music then it is pretty much worth it.
Sometimes it happens in five years.
sometimes it happens in 10 years.
sometimes it doesn't happen at all.
But it's definitely one-hundred percent not going to
happen if you don't go out there and
try it for yourself.
I'm deadmau5 and this is my MasterClass.